---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


Hearing the term open source makes me think of a project that is available for anyone to add on to. I imagine a complex project that probably requires a lot of different people working on it in order to achieve its goal. By allowing anyone to work on and update a project, open source projects have the opportunity to be worked on by engineers of all different backgrounds and expertises which can be beneficial to the project. It also allows a very time consuming project to be sped up since many people are working on it. Although these are great reasons to contribute to open source, closed source projects are also important when sensitive information is involved, when engineers are working on a product to be released and sold, and many other scenarios. I wanted to learn more about open source because I was interested in learning how projects can grow through open source development, and how there are many popular softwares or products that I have used that are actually open source. I wonder if this makes them more susceptible to having problems arise since there is inconsistency among the developers. I think in the future I might be interested in contributing to open source projects and therefore hope to learn more about it through this class.

Some projects that got me interested in Open Source are Vscode, Wikipedia, Linux, and Git.
Vscode is an open source code editor that I have used for the past few years. I find it to be fairly user friendly and more visually appealing than other editors I've used. I was unaware that it was open source so finding that out made me more interested in learning more about this type of software development. Wikipedia is a site that I've used since I learned how to use a computer, and although I knew it was open source, I had not thought about it in a software development type of way. Linux is an operating system that I've only had a little experience with, but was surprised to hear that it was open source since it seems to be so complex. After taking a course on operating systems I am now very interested to hear how Linux is open source. Git is something that although I have had experience with, I often need a refresher on how it works. I'm impressed by its implementation, and how widespread its use is which makes me even more itnerested in its development and the fact that it is open source. I'm confident that I will continue to use Git throughout my career and learning more about its origins would be a great background for that.


