---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

Working on the browser extension project was a cool experience. I feel like i'm finally starting to get the hang of Git and I am able to navigate through GitHub more easily. I think it was pretty interesting to see how quickly something can come together and being able to test and use it on my own device is great. I learned a lot from my teammates as they were more experience in this kind of work, so I'm grateful that I was able to have them lead me through the process. One thing I noticed that I hope to do for the next project is that I prefer to have at least one session meeting in person because I find it easier to communicate that way.

Watching the other students present their extensions was very informative to me as well because I was able to see their creativity implemented into the projects. I particularly like the StudyTool extension that had popups/ splitscreens of random/asmr videos. One of the groups had added their extension to the mozilla extension store and got 2 reviews already which I thought was exciting. I also noticed that toher teams had used certain icons or images in their extension which Professor Klukowska always asked about the licensing for. That was something I hadn't thought about since this si my first time working on an open source and having to deal with proper licensing. 

Overall, this experience helped me learn more about the nature of open source projects, and has gotten me excited to find a project that I'd like to contribute to.
