---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---


Watching the videos on social good were a really great way to get more context on open source projects and what they can do for the world. For me I think its really important to have an understanding on why we are learning open source, and how it can benefit the world. It also inspires me to think of ideas on how I could possible come up with a project that might fix a problem I notice. I watched the videos on helathcare, specifically diabetes which I thought were very interesting. I think that its so important to use technology to innovate way to improve quality of life. I think oftentimes when people thing of software engineers they associate the discipline with making apps like social media. There are so many other ways that software development can help the world and I think its important to learn about them. I also watched the videos on "citizen science" which I really enjoyed as although I study more technology related topics, I am very interested in science and research. It was cool to see how people can come together to discover and solve problems. Overall, these videos made me excited to contribute to an Open Source project and opened my eyes to the possibilities of open source.

With regards to contributions I have been having a hard time finding things to contribute to. I am worried that I might make a mistake and I don't want to disrupt someone else's work. I went back to the contribution slides to remind myself of the different types of contributions I can make which clarified it better for me. I will work on catching up on the contributions as I don't want to fall behind.

