---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

I've been able to see some pretty exciting projects over the past week. I think what has been most exciting for me is seeing how many people are working on Open Source projects, and the wide range of industries they span across. I am more curious on the business plan aspect of open source, and look forward to learning more about that in the second part of the semester. Out of all the courses I've taken at NYU, this one has given me the most real world applicable knowledge and I look forward to applying what I have learned.

I am most excited to see if I can make actual contributions to the project. Although I am still a beginner programmer, I would love to be able to find a project that has beginner friendly issues that I can attempt. Even if I'm unable to make serious coding contributions, I think the process of learning the project and understanding the code will better prepare me for projects in the future.

I think my biggest challenges will be writing code that can fit into an existing project. In the past, my programming experience has been much mroe independent work which although it some ways is more challenging, I can always understand my own code and read it mroe easily. Attempting to learn a project written by multiple different people is going to be a challenge but will definitely prepare me for the real world. I plan on overcoming these challenges by studying the code before trying to make my own contributions, and doing research on the programming language. I also plan on learning from my teammates throuhgout the project as each of us will probable have different skillsets and they might be able to help me if they have more experience than me.
