---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

I found the comparison of software development approaches in "The Cathedral and The Bazaar" to be very interesting. I think that when explaining the models it helped me visualize the development environment and think about how working in each kind of environment would impact my experience. I also reflected on some of my past experiences working on teams or in groups and I was able to compare them to the different models describded. Overall I think that the different approaches in software development have proven to work in different ways, and I think that I'd like to experience both models in a more professional environment in order to choose one I found best. I've noticed throughout this course I have been able to compare computer science and more specific technical topics through a different lens which helps me understand the field better.

This week my group continued to work on correcting our Pull Requests for our open source projects. There were some failing checks that I was getting for my code, so I focused this week on trying to figure out what the issues are. I still need to spend some time with my group before fully correcting the code. Getting this part done has taken each member of my group a little longer than we had expected, but we are working hard to have it completed in time for our presentation coming up. If we are able to finish these code coverage pull requests early, I plan on looking into other Issues to work on for the rest of the semester. 
