---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

Researching and learning about important figures in the world of open source helped me understand what its contributions to the industry are. So many of the languages I've elarned about and the technologies I've seen in my education have been from open source projects and I hadn't known. It was interesting to see how each of these people had so many interesting parts to their careers and how many of them made multiple contributions to the software industry. I also found it interesting how some of them represented themselves. For example, my group researched Larry Wall, and on his website he showed his personality and kind of used it a fun way. He had created his own "geek code" and linked its explanation. He also showed his other projects which helped to understand the history of the industry. Also, learning more about people like Linus Torvald helped me understand the historical aspect of my degree was very interesting and made me want to learn more. I think its exciting to see how the industry started out, and how currently I'm entering the workforce at such an exciting time. This exercise also got me more motivated to start working in groups for the rest of the semester on an open source project. I will definitely be looking into learning more about the people and th eprocess behind new software.

Unfortunately I wasn't able to attend class on the day that we met with groups, so i haven't mete my group yet, but have gotten in contact with them over the weekend. We haven't decided on the project we are going to work on yet but we are looking into different options. Once we complete the mditerm next class, we can spend time discussing project preferences before going on break. I hope to find a project that has some sort of relation to science as that is what I'm mostly interested in.
